README.md, before:

WP Font Awesome Admin Icons
====================

This plugin will allow you to quickly and easily fire up Font Awesome icons within your local <a href="http://wordpress.org" target="_blank">WordPress</a> install. Upload and activate this plugin and you will be able to all of the following without touching a single line of code:

<ol>
<li>Swap out any icon in your WordPress admin menu (compatible with WordPress version 3.8+ or WordPress version 3.7 with the <a href="http://wordpress.org/plugins/mp6/" target="_blank">MP6 plugin</a>).</li>
<li>Add Font Awesome icons to any post from an "Icons" TinyMCE dropdown menu (compatible with WordPress 3.0 or higher).</li>
<li>Add Font Awesome icons to any registered, native navigation menu (compatible with WordPress 3.0 or higher).</li>
</ol>

Icon Settings Page
==================== 

All of this plugin's features can be managed from the "Icons" settings subpage, under the "Appearance" menu. This page has three tabs: General, Admin Menu, and Nav Menu. The "General" tab contains basic options for managing where you enqueue icon styles (CDN or local), and for removing icon styles from the front end (if you only plan to use this plugin to manage your admin menu icons).

Admin Menus
==================== 

Replacing your admin menu options is as easy as 1, 2, 3! From the "Admin Menu" tab:

<ol>
<li>Click “Select Icon” for the menu icon you want to replace</li>
<li>Choose a Font Awesome Icon</li>
<li>Save your settings</li>
</ol>

Navigation Menus
==================== 

Add icons to each of your registered WordPress menu items. You have the choice of adding an icon before or after the menu item text. You can even go crazy and add icons before AND after your menu text. Font Awesome size options are also included:

<ol>
<li>Click “Select Icon” to add an icon to the menu item location.</li>
<li>Choose a Font Awesome Icon</li>
<li>Choose a size (defaults to menu text size, "Normal")</li>
<li>Save your settings</li>
</ol>

Contributors
====================

Thanks to <a href="https://github.com/davegandy" target="_blank">@davegandy</a> for creating the wonderful and amazing <a href="http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/" target="_blank">Font Awesome</a>.

Troubleshooting
====================

Having trouble with this plugin? If you are using WordPress version 3.7, please make sure you've installed the <a href="http://wordpress.org/plugins/mp6/" target="_blank">MP6 plugin</a> first, or the admin menu options will look a bit strange.

Commit message:

Added Rachel Baker as a contributor

README.md, after:

WP Font Awesome Admin Icons
====================

This plugin will allow you to quickly and easily fire up Font Awesome icons within your local <a href="http://wordpress.org" target="_blank">WordPress</a> install. Upload and activate this plugin and you will be able to all of the following without touching a single line of code:

<ol>
<li>Swap out any icon in your WordPress admin menu (compatible with WordPress version 3.8+ or WordPress version 3.7 with the <a href="http://wordpress.org/plugins/mp6/" target="_blank">MP6 plugin</a>).</li>
<li>Add Font Awesome icons to any post from an "Icons" TinyMCE dropdown menu (compatible with WordPress 3.0 or higher).</li>
<li>Add Font Awesome icons to any registered, native navigation menu (compatible with WordPress 3.0 or higher).</li>
</ol>

Icon Settings Page
==================== 

All of this plugin's features can be managed from the "Icons" settings subpage, under the "Appearance" menu. This page has three tabs: General, Admin Menu, and Nav Menu. The "General" tab contains basic options for managing where you enqueue icon styles (CDN or local), and for removing icon styles from the front end (if you only plan to use this plugin to manage your admin menu icons).

Admin Menus
==================== 

Replacing your admin menu options is as easy as 1, 2, 3! From the "Admin Menu" tab:

<ol>
<li>Click “Select Icon” for the menu icon you want to replace</li>
<li>Choose a Font Awesome Icon</li>
<li>Save your settings</li>
</ol>

Navigation Menus
==================== 

Add icons to each of your registered WordPress menu items. You have the choice of adding an icon before or after the menu item text. You can even go crazy and add icons before AND after your menu text. Font Awesome size options are also included:

<ol>
<li>Click “Select Icon” to add an icon to the menu item location.</li>
<li>Choose a Font Awesome Icon</li>
<li>Choose a size (defaults to menu text size, "Normal")</li>
<li>Save your settings</li>
</ol>

Contributors
====================

Thanks to <a href="https://github.com/davegandy" target="_blank">@davegandy</a> for creating the wonderful and amazing <a href="http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/" target="_blank">Font Awesome</a>, and to <a href="http://rachelbaker.me" target="_blank">Rachel Baker</a> for creating <a href="http://wordpress.org/plugins/font-awesome/" target="_blank">Font Awesome for WordPress</a>, and the TinyMCE portion of this plugin.

Troubleshooting
====================

Having trouble with this plugin? If you are using WordPress version 3.7, please make sure you've installed the <a href="http://wordpress.org/plugins/mp6/" target="_blank">MP6 plugin</a> first, or the admin menu options will look a bit strange.
